Doudou, look here
We draw a circle.
But pen a little harder
Paint it darker, right?
You draw this first
Hello doctor
What did Yuchen say?
Yu Ning
Come to the hospital to see if your brother has a turnaround.
What Yuchen, he woke up
The patient is somewhat inhibited
I just moved my finger
Doctor
I heard that my brother is sentient
We found him moving his finger today.
And his EKG is returning to normal
One of the great wonders of our medicine.
But then again?
You really appreciate your friend.
Friend, right?
He didn't tell you?
He came to the hospital and paid a large sum of money
Said to give your brother the best equipment
Could it be Song Zelue?
Impossible. Why would he care about me?
Hey, doctor, what does he look like?
Well, he's tall and handsome
And personable
Is it Xu Jingchuan?